dx-1210 Wrote gdpr disclaimer (#681)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/alert-gdpr-disclaimer.md

> {% include alert.html type="warning" icon="warning" body="GDPR sensitive data

Reviewer: Codacy found an issue: [Command failed: git rev-parse --show-cdup
/bin/sh: git: not found
](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=6189093)

Author: @asbjornu What does this mean? :)

Reviewer 2: It's a bug in Codacy. Just ignore.

> {% include alert.html type="warning" icon="warning" body="GDPR sensitive data
> such as email, phone numbers and social security numbers must **not** be used as
> input in external parameters, such as `payerReference`. If it is necessary to
> use this kind of data, you must create a hash containing the information
> before using it as input." %}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{% include alert.html type="warning" icon="warning" header="GDPR" body="GDPR
sensitive data such as email, phone numbers and social security numbers must
**not be used directly** in request fields such as `payerReference`. If it is
necessary to use GDPR sensitive data, it must be hashed and then the hash can be
used in requests towards Swedbank Pay." %}

```
